[stdlib] [Arith] Integrate deprecated results from Arith.Even and Arith.Div2 (#15411)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/10-standard-library/14736-Arith2.rst

  (``Div2``, ``Even``, ``Gt``, ``Le``, ``Lt``, ``Max``, ``Min``, ``Minus``, ``Mult``, ``NPeano``, ``Plus``).
  Import ``Arith_base`` instead of these files.  References to items in the deprecated files should be replaced
  with references to ``PeanoNat.Nat`` as suggested by the warning messages.

>   Concerning the defintions of parity properties (even and odd), it is recommanded to use ``Nat.Even`` and ``Nat.Odd``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Concerning the definitions of parity properties (even and odd), it is recommended to use ``Nat.Even`` and ``Nat.Odd``.
```

>   If an inductive definition is required ``Nat.Even_alt`` and ``Nat.Odd_alt`` can be considered, or the inductive principles ``Nat.Even_Odd_ind`` and ``Nat.Odd_Even_ind`` can be used.
>   The equivalence between the two definitions are provided as ``Nat.Even_alt_Even`` and ``Nat.Odd_alt_Odd``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If an inductive definition of parity is required, the mutually inductive ``Nat.Even_alt`` and ``Nat.Odd_alt`` can be used. However, induction principles for ``Nat.Odd`` and ``Nat.Even`` are also available as ``Nat.Even_Odd_ind`` and ``Nat.Odd_Even_ind``.
  The equivalence between the non-inductive and mutually inductive definitions of parity is expressed in ``Nat.Even_alt_Even`` and ``Nat.Odd_alt_Odd``.
```
